[Music]
all right you internet sleuths which
here means detectives see if you can
solve these six easy but tricky riddles
it said that all geniuses are a bit
crazy well we aren't sure about crazy
but to solve the riddles in this video
you'll definitely need to think outside
the box and try not to take them too
seriously
after each riddle you'll have 15 seconds
to think over the solution after that
you will see the answer and be able to
check if your guess has been correct
ready ah then let's start an
enthusiastic murderer one murderer
seemed to admire the detective skills of
Sherlock Holmes and decided to play a
game with him Jennifer was found dead in
her house somebody killed her with a
bullet at her forehead at the time of
the murder there were five people in the
house Celina Thomas Marcus Maria and
Jonathan the one who killed Jennifer
left notes for Sherlock in different
places the detective found them in the
art room restroom study cellar movie
room and utility rail the only phrase on
these notes said you will find the clues
in the same places where you found the
notes however there was nothing else in
the rooms besides these notes
despite this Sherlock Holmes needed just
a couple of seconds to figure out the
murder can you do the same in the 15
seconds you have your time has started
to tick away by the way if you feel that
you need more time to solve this mystery
you can always pause the video we won't
consider it cheating don't worry
[Music]
have you managed to understand who the
murderer was
if your answer is Marcus you're
absolutely right the thing is that the
first letters of the rooms where the
notes had been left placed in the right
order give us the name Marcus a silly
mistake rich businessman mark was killed
in his house on the 25th of December
the police have three suspects and
questioned them to get to know if they
have an alibi
John claims that he was in another state
at the moment of the murder Sam assures
the police that he was ill his doctor
told him to stay in bed and he followed
his recommendations
Robert explains that he was in a
government organization office filling
in some documents after you've learned
this information can you figure out who
the murderer is
you just need to be extra attentive here
and it won't take you long to understand
who killed mark
the correct answer is Robert after all
the 25th of December is Christmas and a
state holiday no government
organizations work on this day you had
to think through your alibi better
Robert the dates puzzle Sherlock Holmes
is invited to a crime scene of course he
was nobody ever asked him over for ice
cream anyway the victim is a middle-aged
woman who is poisoned not long before
there are only three suspects Maria the
housemaid Dorothy the assistant of the
murdered woman and Lucy the woman's best
friend unexpectedly for all three ladies
who are under suspicion the detective
finds a note in one of the victims hands
on the note there are seemingly random
dates the 3rd of July the 4th of January
the 2nd of October the 3rd of May
Sherlock doesn't need more than a glance
to realise who the murderer is do you
know who killed the poor woman the power
of Sherlock's intellect is beyond any
doubts but can you figure out what he
did in just 15 seconds
[Music]
let's see if you have the same answer as
the detective the murderer is Lucy the
best friend Wow some best friend the
suppose a date before the name of the
month isn't the day in fact it's an
indicator that tells us about the
position of the necessary letter in the
word this way the 3rd of July is al the
4th of January is you the 2nd of October
is si and the 3rd of May is wait for it
L no not really it's Y Lucy yeah it's
like that song Lucy in the slammer with
diet books remember that one
no ok a murder in the sauna well here's
a case where you will need to sweat the
small stuff yeah five friends David Paul
Steven Richard and Michael agreed to
have some good time and relax in a sauna
there was so much steam inside that they
couldn't see one another however after
some time Michael noticed something red
touching his hand he screamed and
shocked and after the friends got rid of
the steam in the room they found out
that David was dead the detective asked
all the participants of the sauna
accident about the things they had
brought in with them Paul showed them
his beer in a plastic mug Stephen had a
thermos with him Richard and took a book
to read and Michael had a rope the
detective didn't hesitate and arrested
the murderer who was it hmm
think outside the box the solution might
not be the most obvious one you have 15
seconds and a possibility to pause the
video if you need more time
[Music]
the murderer is Stephen he brought a
knife made of ice in his thermos to
prevent it from melting then he killed
David and the murder weapon just melted
on its own a messenger of death mr.
black sees an extremely rare bird with a
name rubles vulture at a very close
distance just a couple of minutes later
mr. black dots can you explain this
mystery this is one more riddle that
will demand from you all your lateral
thinking abilities a small hint if you
can't crack this puzzle Google some
information about this bird
[Music]
the thing is that rubles vulture is the
highest flying bird in the world it has
been seen flying as high as 37 thousand
feet so mr. black encountered the bird
while being on the plane unfortunately
after that the vulture collided with the
plane which led to a plane crash
Supermarket theft there were some thefts
in a supermarket there were three cases
in total in January April and June the
security camera recorded such videos
the security officer tried to have a
closer look and suddenly noticed one
detail after that the identity of the
thief became clear what did he notice 15
seconds for you to check if you are as
attentive as the security officer your
time is over and here's the right answer
it was the pregnant woman the attentive
security officer noted that in January
she looked about 6 to 7 months pregnant
in June she looked the same hmm seems
her baby wasn't willing to see this
world or perhaps it's the mysterious
case of the baby bump that was really a
canned ham so have you managed to solve
all the riddles which one was the most
difficult to crack tell me in the
comments below and don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you